sopel: move deprecated() to sopel.lifecycle (#2232)
sopel-irc/sopel: docs/source/deprecated.rst

> ==========
> Deprecated
> ==========

Reviewer: ```suggestion
============
Deprecations
============
```

\+ rename the file

I'm wondering if the module wouldn't be better named `sopel.deprecation`, actually.

Reviewer: > + rename the file

What about this?

> As Sopel grows and evolves, it needs to say goodbye to obsolete pieces of code
> and to replace them with the appropriate solution: sometimes with new code,
> sometimes with new dependencies, sometimes by putting the feature into an
> external plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As Sopel grows and evolves, sometimes it needs to say goodbye to obsolete code
and replace it. The solution can be new (and hopefully better) code, switching
to an external library, or maybe putting the feature into an external plugin.
```
